That man is me
Pardon me?
You said that man two years ago
You are right
Have you forgotten?
In the woods of Copper Mountain
I am being hunted down
You saved me.
How come?
How could this wild man possibly succeed?
He took all the good things.
It was you
I want to save you
You actually avenge your kindness
I propose
That's not true.
I admit
Mom?
I want to rest.
Ok you take me to the door
Wife, listen to my explanation
I've been looking for you for two years
The person I've always liked is you.
I like you to die
Doctor what is this doctor
Quick general brother
Please
Shen An, Zhu Yun, you are suspected of intentional homicide
There we go.